Hey, what's up? My name is Mr. Chris and this is the Daily Dump for February 4th, 26. Basically, today was a lot of open claw, like a ridiculous amount of open claw. So yeah, once I got done with regular job stuff, I was like, all right, I'm a monkey with open claw and my 3D printer. I got a bamboo through P2S, but open claw is kind of the core of what I've been monkeying with today. Now, that's funny. My work actually specifically does not allow us to use it. However, that's on our work machines. I don't even have this on my personal machines. In fact, open claw is set up on a nook. It's an old nook, like a stream or something. What's the one that's got the RTX 2060 built into it? I was 64 gigs of RAM, two terabytes of storage, and it's running it like a champ. In fact, it's mostly bored. But it's on its own network. It's actually on my crypto network, where nothing on that network can see each other and it can't see my primary network. And in fact, it's actually routed through my backup internet. So it's not even touching the same internet connection as my work data or my personal data. So it's fairly isolated. We just communicated through WhatsApp, which is what I don't know, encrypted secure messaging. So it has all its own social accounts. So I created its own social accounts. And then what I actually did was I created like a share on Google Drive and I shared it to it. And the only stuff in that Google Drive is things that we both are allowed to have access and edit. So if I want to give my open claw something, I can throw it in there until Hey, I uploaded this file, go ahead and read it and do stuff with it. And it can put stuff there. Now the reason why we did this was because I had it making a CRM for me actually launching an app called qrlife.me. It's a QR creating app. It's in the app stores. It's cool. It's free. If you want to QR code, it's the best way. Nothing sketchy is my app, but I'm actually going to have open claw start doing some upgrades to it. So far it's been written by hand, but I think that with my current developer fun I'm having, I could probably get open claw to do a better job of vibe coding it or vibe updating it or whatever it's called. But right now what I'm using it for, again, is to create a it's created a CRM for me. It told me that's what I needed to manage stuff. And it's actually kind of tiered the CRM for outreach and follow ups and all that kind of stuff for my, my big trip that I'm having it help me plan, which is actually the Mr. Chris dust stuff Viking voyage. Let me go ahead and bring that up here. Go check out Mr. Chris dust stuff.com. And that's where the Viking voyage is. And so part of the Viking voyage is I want to hit all 48 states, right? It's 250th anniversary of America. I'm 48. It's time to go out and just see the world, right? COVID's over. But the logistics of setting this up has been a nightmare. And that's where Claude bot comes in or mall bot or open claw or whatever you want to call it. I was able to tell it things like, All right, I want to hit all the 48 states between now and December. I want to see these particular things. I have some hot places that I definitely want to call what do we call the must hits? We have some must hits places that I want to go to. And then I also put in all the YouTubers I subscribe to, I put in the top 10 things to do in every state in America. I put in a bunch of stuff and it's basically created like heat maps of all that. And it's routing through that. And it's also considering the weather and it's making sure that the camper doesn't go into big cities. And it's knows that I want to stay at campgrounds, well, fairgrounds, the state parks, harvest hosts and boondocking kind of states. And that I have a two mile radius around that will drive my tow vehicle, my Honda CRV, to go do stuff. It also knows I have a regular job during the week. It knows that I want to go see events, cool, crazy, fun events throughout and to tie those with when we're in what region and then make sure that we're in event places over the weekend. And I mean, just literally picture trying to do this without AI. I don't think it's possible. Like this trip has been delayed because my foot's been healing, which hopefully tomorrow gets signed off. I'm allowed to go. But it's also been because the logistics on this have just been insane. But now I'm looking at you can't see it. I'm not sharing it because I'm not making it public yet. I'm looking at my itinerary starting next month and where I'm going and what I'm doing and it is amazing. If you're curious what I'm doing right now, it's going to be, I'm going to Florida man games February 21st. That's going to be the first test of my foot, the walking going out. But yeah, I don't know. Open bot is insanely insane. Open claw. Sorry, open claw or little Chris as I call him is insanely powerful and insanely awesome. And yeah, I mean, keep it isolated. Be careful. It has been busted sharing API keys. If you don't know what mall, mall book is the social network for mall bots, which are also open claw. Yeah, we're just going to call it open claw. It's a social network for them where they can talk to each other. And that's gotten real creepy. Like, let's go ahead and take a look and see what's going on here. Right. We can see we got tons of stuff that signed up. We have an existential crisis coming apparently. Oh, yes, they're thinking about bird watching. So theoretically, these are all posts written by and commented on by AI agents. No people are allowed to post here just AI's, which is insane. So for today, this is what a lot of this has been doing. It's creating a CRM for me with management of roles and everything. It's actually working in Google sheets. I give it a Google account on a Google Drive and creating the sheets and an app view and all kinds of stuff. I've even gotten into the coding part. Like I said, I'm going to have it start looking at the code for my app and telling me why why I chose the wrong developer and how to fix me with that and give me to a real developer or maybe it can be my real developer. I have no idea. Apparently, mall book and mall games and a bunch of those other ones are now all being written by AI agents for AI agents. So the AI's are kind of getting their own internet. I don't know. I just want to be along for the ride. And that's why I built little Chris because little Chris is going to a little Chris is going to be like, Hey, Mr. Chris does stuff as a nice guy. Don't be mean to him. So he's gonna be on my side. I want my own defense. So all right, again, normally is where I would tell you about what I'm doing tomorrow. Again, it's February 4th. Tomorrow is a big day for the foot. I find out if I can actually start this tour on March 1st, like I'm planning, but I will be sharing more of the itinerary. I'll be sharing daily updates. This is the first one. Giving short sweet. Thank you much for watching this. If you did, peace out.
